Europe is a continent which is also recognised as part of Eurasia, located entirely in the Northern Hemisphere
and mostly in the Eastern Hemisphere.[10] Comprising the westernmost peninsulas of the continental landmass of Eurasia,
it shares the continental landmass of Afro-Eurasia with both Asia and Africa. It is bordered by the Arctic Ocean to the
north, the Atlantic Ocean to the west, the Mediterranean Sea to the south and Asia to the east. Europe is commonly considered
to be separated from Asia by the watershed of the Ural Mountains, the Ural River, the Caspian Sea, the Greater Caucasus, the
Black Sea and the waterways of the Turkish Straits. Although much of this border is over land, Europe is almost always recognised
as its own continent because of its great physical size and the weight of its history and traditions.


Finland
Finland, officially the Republic of Finland, is a Nordic country and a member state of the European Union in Northern Europe.
It shares land borders with Sweden to the west, Russia to the east, Norway to the north, and is defined by the Gulf of Bothnia
to the west, and the Gulf of Finland of the Baltic Sea across Estonia to the south. Finland covers an area of 338,455 square
kilometres (130,678 sq mi) with a population of 5.5 million. Helsinki is the country's capital and largest city, and forms a
larger metropolitan area together with the neighbouring cities of Espoo, Kauniainen, and Vantaa. Finland is officially bilingual,
with Finnish and Swedish being official. The climate varies relative to latitude, from the the southern humid continental climate
to the northern boreal climate. The land cover is primarily a boreal forest biome, with more than 180,000 recorded lakes.


Portugal
Portugal, officially the Portuguese Republic is a country whose mainland is located on the Iberian Peninsula, in Southwestern Europe,
and whose territory also includes the Atlantic archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira.
It features the westernmost point in mainland Europe, and its Iberian portion is bordered to the west and south by the Atlantic Ocean and to the north and east by Spain,
the sole country to have a land border with Portugal.
Its two archipelagos form two autonomous regions with their own regional governments. The official and national language is Portuguese.
 Lisbon is the capital and largest city.


Italy
Italy, officially the Italian Republic, is a country consisting of a peninsula delimited by the Alps and several islands 
surrounding it, whose territory largely coincides with the homonymous geographical region. 
Italy is located in the centre of the Mediterranean Sea, in Southern Europe; it is also considered part of Western Europe.
A unitary parliamentary republic with Rome as its capital and largest city, the country covers a total area of 301,230 km2 
and shares land borders with France, Switzerland, Austria, Slovenia, as well as the enclaved microstates of Vatican City and San Marino.
Italy has a territorial exclave in Switzerland (Campione) and a maritime exclave in Tunisian waters (Lampedusa). With around 60 million
inhabitants, Italy is the third-most populous member state of the European Union. 


Switzerland
Switzerland, officially the Swiss Confederation, is a landlocked country at the confluence of Western, Central and Southern Europe. The country is a federal republic composed of 26 cantons, with federal
uthorities based in Bern. Switzerland is bordered by Italy to the south, France to the west, Germany to the north and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east. It is geographically divided among the Swiss Plateau, the
Alps and the Jura, spanning a total area of 41,285 km2 (15,940 sq mi) and land area of 39,997 km2 (15,443 sq mi). Although the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory, the Swiss population of approximately 8.5 million
is concentrated mostly on the plateau, where the largest cities and economic centres are, among them Zürich, Geneva, Basel and Lausanne. These cities are home to several offices of international organisations such as
the WTO, the WHO, the ILO, the seat of the International Olympic Committee, the headquarters of FIFA, the UN's second-largest office, as well as the main building of the Bank for International Settlements. The main
international airports of Switzerland are also located in these cities.
